Sometimes the company insuring the auto responsible
for an accident will deny coverage or become insolvent. We consider such an auto to be uninsured for purposes of this Part. However, we do not consider an auto owned by a governmental unit or someone who is legally self-insured to be an uninsured auto.
This Part is Compulsory. You must have limits of $20,000 per person and $40,000 per accident. However, you may want to buy more protection. If so, we must sell you limits up to $35,000 per person and
$80,000 per accident, provided you have purchased at least these limits for Part 5. Higher limits may be purchased if agreed upon by you and by us.
We will pay damages to or for:
1. You, while occupying your auto, while occupying an auto you do not own, or if injured as a pedestrian.
2. Any household member, while occupying your auto, while occupying an auto not owned by you or if injured as a pedestrian. If there are two or more policies which provide coverage at the
same limits, we will only pay our proportionate share. We will not pay damages to or for any household member who has a Massachusetts auto policy of his or her own or who is covered by any Massachusetts auto policy of another household member providing uninsured auto insurance with higher limits.
3. Anyone else while occupying your auto. We will not pay damages to or for anyone else who has a Massachusetts auto
policy of his or her own, or who is covered by any Massachusetts auto policy of another household member providing uninsured
auto insurance.We will not pay PIP benefits to or for an injured person, to the extent those benefits would duplicate expenses or losses recovered by that person in a court judgment or settlement.
If anyone covered under this policy is also entitled to PIP benefits from any other auto policy, the total benefits payable will not be more than the highest amount payable under whichever one of the policies would have paid the most. In that case, each insurer will pay only its proportionate share. We will not pay benefits under this Part which duplicate payments made under the No-Fault coverage of any other auto policy.
Part 3.	Sometimes an owner or operator of an auto legally responsible Bodily Injury	for an accident is uninsured. Some accidents involve unidentified Caused By An	hit-and-run autos. Under this Part, we will pay damages for bodily Uninsured Auto	injury to people injured or killed in certain accidents caused by
uninsured o

adufhdsajfdskfhksdfhkjdshfkjdkdskjdshhdsfjkhdskfhsdkfhsdkfhskAHflkawfhwwua

sjdfhsfhdkjdhsfkkashdfkjashfkahfkjhsfkwaeahfskadjfa;sjdfhsfhdkjdhsfkkashdfkjashfkahfkjhsfkwaeahfskadjfa

sdkfhdkjsfhsadhfkjashdfkjhsdfkjhsdkfjhsdkfjhdskajhfkjds